---
title: Updates
authors: dfreds
tags: [module-news]
---

It's been a while since I gave any sort of update. Here is what's going on!

**DFreds Convenient Effects**

Convenient Effects has had dozens of updates since the last news update, including several new features and tons of new effects. The biggest feature is that I finally finished up custom effects! So you can now define all of your own stuff to apply easily!

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DFreds/dfreds-convenient-effects/main/docs/create-effects-demo.gif

Here are some other highlights:

<!-- truncate -->

- Tint - Your custom effects can now be tinted just like regular effects.
- Remove Effects Dialog - When you click the remove  effects control button, you'll now be prompted with a dialog asking  which effects you want to remove for each selected token
- Chat Message Permission - This defines the minimum permission level  to see chat messages when effects are applied, removed, or expire.  Setting this to None will never show chat messages
- Controls Permission - This defines the minimum permission level to  see and apply Convenient Effects via the token controls. Setting this to  None will disable the controls entirely

As well as all the new effects:

- Aid - Add 5 to current and maximum hit points for 8 hours (no higher level casting yet)
- False Life - Add 1d4 + 4 temp hit points (rolled automatically) for 1 hour (no higher level casting yet)
- Heroes' Feast - Immunity to poison and frightened, make all wisdom  saving throws with advantage, and hit point maximum increases by 2d10  for 24 hours
- Resilient Sphere - Adds total immunity to all damage and half movement
- Bullseye Lantern - Adds lantern light in a 60 degree cone for 6 hours
- Candle - Adds candle light for 1 hour
- Hooded Lantern - Adds hooded lantern light for 6 hours
- Lantern - Adds lantern light for 6 hours
- Torch - Adds torch light for 1 hour
- Ray of Frost - Lowers movement by 10 ft.
- Resistance - Add 1d4 to a single saving throw in the next minute
- Ready - no active effects and expires on turn start. Can be used to mark that users have taken the ready action
- Reaction - no active effects and expires on turn start. Can be used to mark that users have taken their reaction
- Command - No active effects and lasts for 1 round
- Spiritual Weapon - No active effects and lasts for 1 minute
- Hideous Laughter - Apply the effects of the prone and incapacitated conditions

A lot of these new features and effects are driven by the community. Feel free to make suggestions!

The next main features I'm working on include exporting/importing custom effects and the ability to duplicate included effects so you can modify them or get a jumping off point for your own custom effects.

**DFreds Droppables**

This module now has installs up to over 33% (!!) on the Forge. It's in great shape and only required a small change based on a feature request. Any time you click and drag a folder of journal entries onto the canvas, it now asks you if you're sure you want to drop them all out. This fixes incompatibilities with the Cards module.

**DFreds Pocket Change**

Pocket Change has gotten some love, and I think it is much improved. 

- Added currency row to NPCs. This currently only supports the default 5e and Tidy5e NPC sheets, but more can be added on request.
- Currency row on NPC sheets lets you do the following:View and edit manually the amount of currency an NPC hasConvert currency to highest possible denominationGenerate currency for them using their challenge ratingConvert them to a lootable sheet (requires LootSheet5eNPC)
- Localization- Currently, only localized to English (volunteers welcomed!)
- Currency row UI can be toggled on or off (default on)
- Configuration of damaged item generation. When a token is converted  to loot, you can set the chance that any Common items are damaged, how  much their value reduces when damaged, or if the damaged items are  removed entirely. Defaults are 25% of items are damaged, value reduced  to 25% of normal value when damaged, and damaged items are NOT removed  from their inventory.
- Setting: Send generated currency to chat (default off)If enabled, this option creates a chat message displaying the amount of  currency created whenever it is generated (on token drop, regen via NPC  sheet, or via macro)

I hope you enjoy these changes. Don't forget, you can always ask for help, offer suggestions, or anything else you might need. Have a good one!